# Verite

Verite is a smart contract fuzzing tool towards maximum profits. This repo contains the artifacts and relevant supplementary information.

## Artifact

We provide a docker image to reproduce our result.

Download link: TBD.

## Dataset

The dataset is available at [dataset.csv](./dataset.csv).

## Supplementary Materials

### ItyFuzz FP Analysis

ItyFuzz has a high false positive rate, both in our testing and other related works[1,2]. We summarize the common reasons for false positives.

1. Off-chain oracle. ItyFuzz emulates the Uniswap V2 swapping off-chain to quote assets. This usually works for properly implemented tokens but leads to false positives if not properly handled for tokens not conforming to ERC20's semantics. For instance, some vulnerable tokens could transfer less than specified in `transfer` or revert on `transfer` even if the caller holds enough tokens. ItyFuzz's oracle fails to properly handle these corner cases when quoting assets and thus has false positives. `gss` falls into this category, and ItyFuzz wrongly calculates the liquidation and results in false positives.
2. Impractical Attacking Conditions. ItyFuzz employs lightweight symbolic execution which could solve constraints of block numbers and timestamps. However, ItyFuzz doesn't properly check the feasibliity of the environment. For example, ItyFuzz assumes conducting the attack after __4e42__ years on `rfb`, while the age of the solar system is just around 4e9 years. This includes `rfb`, `tinu`, `lw`, `bunn`.
3. Inconsistent Account Balance. ItyFuzz will assume all accounts having `U256_MAX` balance and check if attackers can steal the funds. However, this could have side effects in two ways. First, some contracts will check if some contracts have poa sitive balance. In addition, many contracts have benign functions to allow users to refund wrongly transferred ETH. Both lead to false positives in ItyFuzz. This includes `sut`, `newfi`, `lusd`, `shidoglobal`, `cfc`, `sellc03`, `cellframe`, `selltoken`, `roi`, `valuedefi` and `pancakehunny`.

It is also worth mentioning that ItyFuzz is a fast-evolving project, and all analysis subjects to the specific version. For instance, we once tested an earlier ItyFuzz (`56d6a9e075bdcefd204b511fc2e034072c73c972`). The false positives were distributed very differently and the oracle was also designed in another way.

### LLM-Assisted Actions Generation

TODO

### Errata

- The `bamboo` of ItyFuzz in Table 2 should be true positive with a profit of 42 usd. This is because the exploit generated by ItyFuzz can not be replayed by itself and we have to manually transform the exploit to a foundry test (for others, we use a semi-automatically approach by replaying the exploit). However, this shall not affect the conclusion of our paper.

We apologize for any inconvenience.

## Reference

[1] Ye, Mingxi, et al. "Midas: Mining Profitable Exploits in On-Chain Smart Contracts via Feedback-Driven Fuzzing and Differential Analysis." Proceedings of the 33rd ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis. 2024.
[2] Liang, Ruichao, et al. "Vulseye: Detect Smart Contract Vulnerabilities via Stateful Directed Graybox Fuzzing." arXiv preprint arXiv:2408.10116 (2024).
